## Introduction

The Keeper (short for Trapper Keeper, like the old notebooks some of us used in the 80's) is a tree-like view of all the files and folders that make up your writing project. Just how you use it is up to you, but the concepts are similar to those you are already familiar with:

1. Files represent text
2. Folders hold text files
3. A 'trashcan' holds files you may or may not want to eventually delete

## The view

The Keeper presents your project's files and folders in rows. Draftman2 projects are linear. If you imagine a Draftman2 project as a single text file, items at the top of the view would appear at the top of the file and items at the bottom would appear at the end of the file.

### Columns

#### Type

An icon designates what type of object the row represents:

1. A file icon represents a text file in your project
2. A directory icon represents a folder in your project. Directories contain files and other directories
3. A trashcan icon is created whenever you create a new directory with the name "Trash." Other than that, it behaves exactly as a normal directory would.

#### Name

The name of the file or directory. Double-click in the name to rename a file.

#### Inc

The Inc checkboxes indicate that the file or directory should be included when you Compile a Draftman2 project. See the Menu file for more information about compiling a project to a single file.

#### Scenes, Running

Scenes tells you how many "scenes" are in a file or a folder represented by that row. Scenes in Draftman2 parlance indicate a count of Markdown headers in a text file (i.e. #). See the Project Organization file for more information.

If you have a folder that contains five files with one scene per file, Scenes would be 5 at the folder row. If you open the folder, each file would show 1 scene at its row.

The Running column next to the Scenes column indicates how many *total* scenes that have been found *as of and including that row* for all included (Inc is checked) items above.

#### Words, Running

The Words and associated Running column are identical to the Scenes/Running columns, except they count words instead of scenes.

Similarly to scenes, only included (Inc is checked) files are counted as part of a total count.

## Rows

You can take specific action on rows by selecting them and right-clicking. Further, you can reorder rows by clicking and dragging.

You can deselect all rows by right-clicking in white space below all rows.

## Status

Below the rows, there are several status items and a couple of buttons.

### Words

The total words of all included objects in your project.

### Scenes

The total number of scenes in your project

### Avg words/file

The average number of words per file in your project. This can be useful to determine your project's overall length if you have an idea of how many scenes your project will contain.

### Update counts

After editing a file outside of Draftman2, click Update counts to update the number of words and scenes in the Keeper.

### Expand all

Click Expand all to open all folders in the Keeper

### Collapse all

Click Collapse all to close all folders in the Keeper