## Project

### Add file...

Add a file underneath the selected row.

### Add directory...

Add a directory underneath the selected row.

### Add file at root...

Add a new file to the project root.

### Add directory at root...

Add a new directory to the project root.

### Edit...

Edit the currently selected file using the editor defined in Project->Preferences...

### Delete...

Delete the files associated with the selected row. Note that the delete is recursive, so deleting a directory will, for example, also delete everything inside the directory.

### Compile...

Produces a single Markup file containing all the files marked for inclusion in the chosen directory.

### Create backup

Generates a zip archive of the project directory and puts it in the backups directory defined in Project->Preferences.

### Refresh file list/word counts

Recalculates the word and scene counts in the Keeper.

### Preferences...

#### Application

Select the application Draftman2 should launch when you want to edit a file. The application must take at least one argument: the name of the file to edit.

#### Arguments

Any additional arguments required to launch the editor successfully. For example, to support a writing configuration, you might choose something like the following as an argument to `gvim`:

```
-u /home/mylogin/.vimrc_for_writing_only
```

#### Include file titles

If selected, Draftman2 will output file titles, using a heading level determined by the number of parent folders. For example, if a file is contained within a folder at the root directory, Draftman would output:

```
## My file
```

#### Include folder titles

Similar to including file titles, Draftman2 will output the titles of folders using an appropriate heading level.

#### Backup automatically upon startup

If selected, Draftman2 will create a backup of your currently loaded project in the directory specified in the specified directory (see next item).

#### Directory

The directory to store your Draftman2 backups.

